good geim I want to tell you to enter
listen to the express but stable
[Music]
[Applause]
Paul
a question that I wanted to be important
Hello
and apologize
then as I have the pleasure because I speak or
the wings with sandra
[Applause]
[Music]
Ugarte de Caracas Venezuela
program I will surprise you
I tell you nice I meet with people
Brave is a person who admires
very much we have it at this moment in
full study making this dream and
that has become a call
Death in the stormy public
at the moment I'm listening that
I can help
and too much was incredible this moment
I do not have how to express it
also sandra speech a question
lovely copies but far ok ok
so good the question is what part
you find the globe
[Music]
Press exactly I'm in
Czechoslovakia
[Music]
[Applause]
it is placed
[Music]
or
I'm going to tell paulo
you find so far because he wants
say something sorry pablo but I do not
I agree
Sandra with really listening to you was not
what's coming but well I'll be satisfied if
I wanted him to sign me in the photo that
I have yours but then the other trip
was I really hope that someday that
come to Venezuela you were handed
sure to be out there
[Music]
well I know it's a pretty moment
sad that in a moment of truth I do not
I dare because I think that the
anita I think it's the only program
we have not managed to fulfill this dream but
If you do something Pablo, do not be so conformist
why
and that
it's a prank because she's with
we
[Applause]
[Music]
the dream I believe
a person who wants
it's the only surprise program that
achieve this in all Latin America
[Applause]
happy happy happy to be here
accompanying here for crime and happy to
know sells only the first one that I come
I love the airport and now now
in the morning they came down the path
they put the old
it's a way we have because the new
old but they were joined then by the
gauge